Update installfest.md (#608)
Ada-Developers-Academy/textbook-curriculum: 00-programming-fundamentals/installfest.md

Xcode is an **integrated development environment** (often called an **IDE**) for creating apps for Mac, iPhone, and iPad. We don't need it in it's entirety, we're just going to download one piece of the whole. _Command Line Tools_ is a component of Xcode that provides a _compiler_ for OS X.

> You can install it with: `$ xcode-select -p` If the command shows a directory path like `/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools` or `/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer` then it's installed properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install it with: `$ xcode-select --install` If the command shows a message path like `xcode-select: error: command line tools are already installed, use "Software Update" to install updates` then it's installed properly.
```

The Ada Developers Academy classroom portion will use [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) a popular open-source text editor from Microsoft.  You may use other editors or IDEs in internship or on your Capstone project.

You can install VS Code with Homebrew by typing:

> `$ brew cask install visual-studio-code`

Reviewer: 🔥🔥🔥
